clarify nomination process for Technical Committee members (#375)
expressjs/discussions: docs/CHARTER.md

## Section 3: Express Governing Body

The Express project is managed by the Technical Committee ("TC").
Members can be added to the TC at any time. Any committer can privately nominate

> another committer to the TC, preferably slack or alternatively by email, and the TC uses its standard consensus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Members can be added to the TC at any time. Any committer can nominate
another committer to the TC, by privately contacting one or more TC members, and the TC uses its standard consensus
```

Reviewer 2: There is a consensus on the TC meeting for this changes. So I will commit it.
